today, 5 August, the opening day of the centennial celebration of Our Lady of the
navigators already on the white sand brings with exclusivity
for you
this moment that marks the history of the city
the patron saint of seafarers
with this to defend the
celebrates its centenary
and the pilgrim image that will soon arrive
in the city of homs and of the entire population
in the six years behind the fernandes leader
waiting for this moment of faith
in our city she remembers with exclusivity
for you
nothing to anyone
eliminated
this time just arrived from the recipe on the internet
the pilgrim image of Our Lady of the Sailors
a crowd of faithful await demonstrates this
the authorities present the baby explained maria manzanares lamented
godfather to inês sampaio do rego are all here to guard
looking at this with a lot of emotion
at that moment said the coach who certifies the centenary was exactly 100
years ago
of teaching offered offered promised that bring with the image of our lady
of navigators
pedro nechar in the mother church
if this invincibility
in the accident it has happened nothing is also aimed at reducing the chances of overcoming
this moment
O
thus
there's nothing
the money of the fund
nothing that
2-0 13
but nothing
ansa
John
I have a group of 60 children
Why are you gonna postpone?
the image
and meanwhile leave here
to register
this fact that is in the history of the city reminds him
at a mass opening of marks marital status snpc our lady of navigators
the main church is full
and the mind is celebrated
and begins in this atmosphere of celebration and joy of devotion
when you
the crowd of believers here
it was a picture
he followed in procession to the church of the sailors
the opening of the regular sessions
on November 16
for this year the city
on the 15th of the feast day
we want to win and we are making several incredible defenses
the closing Mass
the page
slowness also on Friday
the image that gave rise to the book we have to enter the community
and was delivered today at headquarters
We celebrated the party of the week.